INTRODUCTION to GENERATIVE AI----------
There are two types of AI:-
1.Distributive AI- It distinguishes between different classes of data. Distributive AI mimics our analytical and predictive skills.
                  Limitations: Cannot understand context
                               Cannot create new content
2.Generative AI- It generates new content with the help of training data with a prompt. Generative AI mimics our creative skills. Generative AI has a wide scope in the future in many industries.
                 Generative AI can create or generate text, image, audio, video and even code.
                 Building blocks of Generative AI include GANs, VAEs, transformers, and diffusion models.

Both Distributive AI & Generative AI models are created by using Deep learning.

-Deep Learning: involves training artificial neural networks to learn from vast amount of data.
-ANN (Artificial Neural Network): An artificial neural network is a collection of units grouped together called "Neurons". ANN mimics processes like how a human brain does.
-Foundation models: can be adapted to create specialized models or tools.
-LLMs (Large language models): is an advanced type of AI model which generates human-like text. They learn from patterns and structure of data sets and generate text relative to the prompt.
                               example: OpenAI's chatGPT

CAPABILITIES of GENERATIVE AI----------
The capabilities of Generative AI include:
1. Text generation: Text is generated from a prompt of a text. LLMs are used in this type of generation.
2. Image generation: Image is generated from a prompt of a text. GANs and VAEs are used in image generation.
3. Audio generation: Audio of music or even synthetic and natural audio is generated with a prompt of text.
4. Video generation: Video generation of a film or even videos can be generated with a prompt of text or image.
5. Code generation: Code can also be generated by the prompt of text.
5. Data augmentation: Data can be generated from scratch by the Generative AI. 

#ACTIONS COMPLETED:-----------
-Understood the lectures from Module 1 about Generative AI
-Listened lectures from many experts in the field
-Explored Lab activities
